1. A shopkeeper sells three products whose retail prices are as follows: 
Product 1 - 22.50
              Product 2 - 44.50 
              Product 3 - 9.98
Write an application that reads a series of pairs of numbers as follows:
 a) Product number 
 b) Quantity sold

                The application should use a switch statement to determine the retail price for each product. It 
should calculate and display the total retail value of all products sold. 

Recommended duration: 20Mins

Solution Guidance (if applicable): NA

2.Write class that declares the following String.
		“The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog”.
Perform the following modifications to the above string using appropriate methods.

1.	Print the character at the 12th index.
2.	Check whether the String contains the word “is”.
3.	Add the string “and killed it” to the existing string.
4.	Check whether the String ends with the word “dogs”.
5.	Check whether the String is equal to “The quick brown Fox jumps over the lazy Dog”.
6.	Check whether the String is equal to “THE QUICK BROWN FOX JUMPS OVER THE LAZY DOG”.
7.	Find the index position of the character “a”.
8.	Find the last index position of the character “e”.
9.	Find the length of the String.
10.	Check whether the String matches to “The quick brown Fox jumps over the lazy Dog”.
11.	Replace the word “The” with the word “A”.
12.	Split the above string into two such that two animal names do not come together.
13.	Print the animal names alone separately from the above string.
14.	Print the above string in completely lower case.
15.	Print the above string in completely upper case.

Recommended duration:30Mins

Solution Guidance (if applicable): NA

3.Exercise Objective(s):abstract classes

Exercise:Create the classes required to store data regarding different types of courses that employees
Ina company can enroll for. All courses have name and course fee. Courses are also either 
classroom delivered or delivered online. Courses could also be full time or part time. The 
program must be menu based input which enables the course coordinator to register 
employees for courses, list out employees registered for specific courses, deregister employees 
from a course.

Recommended duration:30Mins

Solution Guidance (if applicable):The output can be like this,
Enter the number of the choice you want to choose:
1.	To register for a course
2.	To deregister for a course
3.	To list the courses offered
4.	To list the employees registered for a specific course.


